hinduwebsite.com
Home
Hinduism
Buddhism
Yoga
Spirituality
Jainism
Zoroastrianism
Self-Help
Reference
Sikhism
Scriptures
Hinduism-FAQ
Hinduism-AtoZ
Bhagavadgita
Upanishads
Symbolism
Saivism
History
Essays
Concepts
Vedas
Pantheon
hinduwebsite.com theme image
Hinduwebsite.com - The Real Hinduwebsite

Hinduwebsite.com provides unique and original resources on the beliefs, philosophy and essential practices of the following religions: Sanatana Dharma, known as Hinduism or Hindu Dharma, Buddhism or Buddha Dharma, Jainism or Jain Dharma, Sikhism or Sikh Dharma, and Zoroastrianism, as articles, videos, essays, translations, commentaries, scriptures, discussions and books. In addition, we provide very unique and useful information on spiritualism, self-development, and yoga and valuable resources in the form of translations of several ancient Hindu, Buddhist, Jain, Sikh, Zoroastrian manuscripts and sacred texts, articles on the history of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and Zoroastrianism, symbolism of gods and goddesses, brief biography of the saints and gurus, temples and esoteric practices. We have also added articles and videos on self-development, self-help and personality development resources. There are whole sections on web resources, quotes, news, general resources, texts, books, book lists, book reviews, search resources, videos and message forums. For the latest updates and additions to Hinduwebsite please check the Featured Article where you will find the latest articles as well as the archived articles. If you want to findspecific information, please use the search box in the right column. You may also consider usingour message forums to share your knowledge or leave your comments. Please Make Hinduwebsite.com your homepage and support us with your regular visits . Help us protect these ancient traditions of immense spiritual value, with your participation, support, opinion and regular visits.
Hinduism
hinduism

Essays and articles on Hinduism, history of Hinduism, Hindu philosophy, Hindu beliefs, practices, sacred Hindu texts, Hinduism resources on yoga, the Bhagavadgita, Vedas, the Upanishads, Darsanas, Yoga sutras, Dharma Shastras, spiritual masters, gurus, comparative studies, Saivism and temples.
Buddhism
buddhism

Buddhist Philosophy, Buddha Dharma, practical Buddhism, life of the Buddha, history of Buddhism, Buddha Sangha, Buddhist Canonical literature, Buddhist sects, Buddhism and Hinduism comparison
Jainism
jainism

Jain Dharma, Jain Philosophy, History of Jainism, Jain Canonical literature, translations of Jain scriptures such as the Kalpastutras, Jainism and Buddhism comparison, books on Jainism and related resources.
Sikhism
sikhism

Basic concepts of Sikhism, Sikhism philosophy and practices, Guru Nanak life and teachings, the Gurus of Sikhism, translation of the Guru Granth Sahib, books on Sikhism and related resources.
Zoroastrianism
zoroastrianism

Life and teachings of Zoroaster, Zoroastrian scriptures, main concepts, sacred literature, Zoroastrian philosophy, historical significance, important Zoroastrian practices, Zoroastrian priesthood.
Spirituality
spirituality

This section provides essays on spiritualism, the practice of spiritualism, the meaning and significance of divine centered living, developing the right spiritual attitude that would lead to better awareness and divine orientation, scriptures and more.
Self-help
self-help

Inspiring articles and useful information on self-help or self development, success principles, abundance, anger, fear, career, physical and mental health, self esteem, relaxation, emotional stability, relaxation, positive thinking and more.
General Reference
general reference

This is a general knowledge reference center on interesting facts and figures, prayers, quotations, and links to e-texts, fact books, encyclopedias, literature, dictionaries, almanacs and maps.
Sacred Scriptures
sacred scriptures

A huge collection of translations of many ancient scriptures of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism, Zoroastrianism and related subjects.
Link Resources
link resources

You will find here a huge collection of links to websites on a wide variety of subjects such as Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism, Zoroastrianism, spiritualism, self development, Saivism and more. You may also check our web directory for additional links and submit your site to our lists of linked sites.
Web Resources
web resources

This section deals with various aspects of Web designing, web hosting, web tools, programming resources, search engine optimization, e-commerce solutions, free websites and more.
Shopping
shopping resources

You will find here Links to online merchants, shops, malls, products, deals, discounts, and coupons from hundreds of merchants in various categories.
Book Resources
books and book lists

Check reviews of exceptionally good books on Hinduism, Buddhism, and related religions and topics besides books on self development and spiritualism.
News and Video
news and videos

This is an information center for the news headlines, events, jokes, cooking recipes, latest film reviews, stock quotes, horoscope, health information and more. Get a variety of information in one place.

Translate the Page
Select Language​▼

Search Hinduwebsite

Follow Us

Featured Article | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 |

Editorial

Audio

Books

Hinduism Q & A

Horoscope

Hinduism News

Essays on Karma

Hindu Rituals

Prayers and Mantras

Online Store

Quotations
Spiritual Essays

Link Resources

Self-Help Articles

Essays on Brahman

Hindu Law Books

Gurus &Masters

Origin of Sanskrit

Upanishad Translations

Essays on Upanishads

Atheism in Ancient India 	Buddhist Philosophy

Practical Buddhism

Essays on Buddhism

Schools of Buddhism

Concepts of Buddhism

History of Buddhism

Buddhism Scriptures

Jain Philosophy

Jain Literature

Jain History 	Health Information

Success Articles

Videos

India News

US News

Today in History

E-Texts

Book Lists

General Essays

Web Resources 	About Us

Privacy

Contact Us

Terms of Use

Shopping Links

Products

Rss Feeds

Temples

Special Offers

Encyclopedia







About: Hinduwebsite.com provides original and scholarly information about Hinduism and related religions, society and culture. We promote tolerance and the highest ideals reflected in these cultures. We have been serving the world community since 1999. More...
© 2000-2015 Hinduwebsite.com. All Rights are reserved. No part of this website can be copied or reproduced in any manner. Hinduwebsite.com presents original articles on various subjects. They are for your personal and spiritual growth not for copying and posting on your website. We do not accept donations. We rely solely upon our content to serve you. If you want to promote our website please write an introduction and post a link to it on your blog or website. However, please do not copy information from the website and then tell us that you were trying to give us publicity. We like publicity, but not in this manner. Please protect Dharma by following its values, which include non-stealing. Your use of the website is subject to these Terms of Use.
